as a matter of fact and they'll be
discussion about this one for a long
long time Jessica as the Calallen man
will playoff game did go down to the
wire this afternoon in the Alamodome in
San Antonio and like all close
competitive games this one had a
surprising finish of course we're
starting the new quarterback Cal and
Andrew McCurley taking over for Preston
Dorsey who injured his knee and was out
for the rest of the season
well after Manuel took an early
7-nothing lead Markus price number five
for Cal Alan he's had some huge games
during the regular season and earlier in
the playoffs take a look at this 100
yards to the house and it's 7-7 price
actually when we turn another kickoff
for a touchdown so he was an MVP with a
flare at least early on for Cal Allen
fans packing both sides huge group from
Cal Allen but price also factored in the
key play here trying to ice the game he
will fumble with Calallen leading 28 21
and that fumble will be turned into a
quick touch down by Mandal so we're tied
28 28 Phil Danaher ops not to run out
the clock for overtime and with just
seconds left his quarterback McAuley
will throw a pick off in fact 15 seconds
remain when Manville gets the ball again
tied 28 28 they need one play to try to
set things up it's a past completion by
emmanuel core back shane McCurley will
hit boise more but the clock runs out
before he scores and it appears we are
headed to overtime
however a flag is thrown Calallen called
with roughing the passer so tack 15
yards on to that and untime play with a
game officially over until this one goes
through 31 28 a shocker for Cal Allen as
Manville
advanced it was a great game and I hate
to see a game in on the official call in
the quarterback rolled out he scrambled
we came in he threw the ball we hit him
almost simultaneously and they said it
was roughing the quarterback and they
made it made the yards name they got 15
more yards you know that difference in
Bamiyan return you know like I said it's
just hard to believe then the officials
call decides where you go to the state
championship or not and that's what
that's what's sad it's a tough loss once
that closes instead state championship
so he's lost that person without killed
in fact at the end
the Wildcats in their season at 13 and -
Manville moving on the class 4a that is
in championship next Saturday against
Toledo in Cowboys State